Enable or disabled auto instrumentation (#137)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php-contrib: src/Instrumentation/HttpAsyncClient/README.md

```bash
$ composer require open-telemetry/opentelemetry-auto-http-async
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disabling instrumentation
```

Reviewer: I was thinking about being more specific

> Parts of this auto-instrumentation library can be configured, more options are available throught the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable auto-instrumentation of this library by using following environment variable, more settings are available through the 
```

Author: In that case the table doesn't make sense, and it doesn't allow for future expansion. Either keep it like this, or we should replace it with just a "disable" section that explains the env var name
